♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around
♪ You can see it in her style ♪
♪ You can see it in her smile ♪
♪ You can see it in her flair ♪
♪ And the way she wears her hair ♪
♪ Spinning
♪ Twirling ♪
♪ Girly ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around ♪
♪ Her shoulders are back
Na, na, na ♪
♪ You'll never see her slack
No, no, no ♪
♪ And even if she falls
Na, na, na ♪
♪ She'll laugh and stand up tall
Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess
Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown
No, no ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess
Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around
♪ But the secret to her majesty ♪
♪ That sets the girl apart ♪
♪ Is the kindness that shows royalty ♪
♪ It's etched upon her heart ♪
[SIRENS WAILING]
[PHIL ON TV] And welcome back!
Andrea and I are thrilled to be here
bringing you the 144th
Princess Procession!
That's right, Phil! And where are those
princesses processing?
[PHIL] Glad you asked, Andrea.
Why, to Princess Charm School, of course,
[IMITATING PHIL]"Where Glorious Girls
Meet Dreams Of Destiny!"
[MOM] Emily!
I hope you're doing your homework
and not just watching that parade!
I am, Mom!
[PHIL] Yes, every girl dreams it,
but only a few can achieve it.
For those born to royalty
from kingdoms far and wide,
a chance to earn their titles
as princesses.
[SIGHS]
[ANDREA] And for those born commoners,
the opportunity to win a place
as a princess' most trusted advisor,
a lady royal!
Boo!
[GASPS]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Blair! You're here!
Dance with me, Princess Emily.
[CHUCKLING]
[ANDREA] Oh, Phil, it's a beautiful day
here in Gardania,
I've never seen so many
people for the parade!
[PHIL] I know, Andrea. You couldn't be
more right. It's a lovely day,
everybody's having a wonderful time...
[STATIC ON TV]
You'll hurt your eyes looking at this.
Let me get your tiara, Princess Blair.
[SCOFFS] I am so not a princess.
- [PHIL] ...costumes are magnificent.
- [ANDREA] They are indeed, Phil.
Every girl's a princess.
Some of them just have fancier crowns.
[ANDREA] Fuchsia.
It's just adorable. [LAUGHS]
[BLAIR] Mom okay?
Kind of. The doctor says
she's comfortable.
Comfortable.
She should be all better.
[SIGHS] She'll get there, though.
I just have to keep working.
Then we can afford our own
little house in a better area.
With better doctors for Mom?
Mmm-hmm, and a better
place for you to grow up.
Some place right out
of the pictures you draw.
Blair?
Hi, Mom!
I brought you a blueberry scone.
Oh, thank you.
It's the least I can do.
[EMILY] It's time! It's time! It's time!
It's Princess Charm School lottery time!
We have to watch!
[FANFARE MUSIC PLAYING]
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[ANNOUNCER] And now we'll hear
from Headmistress Alexandra Privet.
At Princess Charm School,
those born to the royal life
unlock their princess potential.
Yet every year, one regular citizen
of Gardania...[ALL CHEERING]
wins a full scholarship
to the school,
with a chance to become a lady royal
and change her life forever.
Will it be you?
Oh, I hope, I hope, I hope.
Did I mention I hope?
When you're old enough
you'll enter. I promise.
To choose this year's lottery winner,
I present Miss Delancy Devin.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
You of course mean
Princess Delancy Devin.
My daughter will soon
be ruler of Gardania.
Yes, provided she successfully
completes the semester.
Miss Delancy?
Blair Willows.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
- [PHIL] And there you have it!
- [GASPS]
- Blair Willows! This year's winner...
- Yes! I knew it!
- Woo-hoo!
- What? But...
[IN SINGSONG VOICE] Who's a lady royal?
Blair's a lady royal!
- Emily, that's not possible.
- Who works in the palace?
Blair works in the palace!
- Uh-huh, go Blair!
- I never even...
Uh-huh, go Blair!
[GASPS] You entered for me?
Only five or six times.
A day. For an entire year.
[IN SINGSONG VOICE]
Who's gonna be a lady royal?
- Blair's gonna be a lady royal!
- Emily!
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[GASPS] They're here?
They're really here!
Mom?
Blair Willows?
Congratulations. I'm here to take you
to Princess Charm School.
No, I'm sorry.
There's been a mistake.
I'm not going to Princess Charm School.
[EMILY] Yes, you are!
Emily, I don't belong with a bunch
of princesses and lady royals.
Look at me! I'm a waitress!
I've got straws in my pocket
and ketchup on my socks.
You look perfect.
Thank you. But the girls
there won't think so.
And I have responsibilities here.
Blair, it wasn't right of Emily to go
behind your back,
but this is a big opportunity.
A position as a lady royal?
Would change our lives forever.
I'll go.
Yes!
[HORSE NEIGHING]
[GASPS]
Wow, you get to ride in a carriage!
- It's time to go.
- Now?
Now.
[LAUGHS NERVOUSLY] Uh... Just let me
pull together some clothes and I...
It's all at the school.
We need to leave now,
or you forfeit your scholarship.
But what about my...
Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock.
I love you.
I won't let you down.
[EMILY] Blair!
[NEIGHING]
- Goodbye!
Bye, Mom! Bye, Emily!
Goodbye, Blair!
You'll always be my princess.
[NEIGHS]
[GASPS]
Ah! Great!
I've already flunked carriage riding.
[NEIGHS]
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
[BLAIR] Whoa.
Thanks for the ride.
Uh, hey, I wonder
if you could maybe show me...
Oh.
Or not.
[EXHALES]
[ALL CHATTERING]
- Ooh!
- Hey!
Pardon me.
[PAWS SCAMPERING]
[BARKING]
[GRUNTS]
[LAUGHING]
You scared me!
[WHIMPERS]
Aww, it's okay. You're a good dog.
"Prince."
[BARKS]
[LAUGHS] Good boy, Prince.
Hmm. You must be Blair Willows.
We don't usually find our future
lady royals sprawled on the floor.
Oh! Um, hi.
Sorry about the floor.
He's just... He's very sweet.
Not usually. He's normally quite shy.
Go lie down, Prince.
I am Headmistress Privet.
Welcome to Charm School.
Thank you. It's really an honor.
Shall I take you to your locker?
Princess Charm School
was founded on the principles
of instilling young women
with character and confidence.
And it has been preparing them
for royal life for nearly five centuries.
[BLAIR] Wow.
Emily would love this.
She's always wanted to come here.
Emily?
My little sister. She's the one
who entered me in the lottery.
I never would have come,
but it's a chance to make
a better life for her and for my mom.
Ah.
Blair, only 27% of the lottery
girls make it through to graduation.
Do you think you can handle it?
I think so. I'll sure try.
You'll notice that all of our students
carry themselves with dignity
and sophistication.
[GASPS] Weekly dress-up tea socials!
Yes! And we can give each other
fun nicknames and swap shoes!
- [BOTH SCREAM]
- Shh, ladies.
[GIRL WHISPERING] Dress up tea socials
in our dorm room every week!
This is the original
Princess Charm School.
The centuries-old castle.
Most classes and the student dorms
are in our new section.
Our world-class amenities
include a state-of-the-art
digital classroom.
To your left, our Olympic-sized ballroom.
And my personal favorite,
our luxurious spa.
I do enjoy a good
mani-pedi from time to time.
- [FEMALE VOICE] Blair Willows!
- Ah. Here we are.
Blair Willows!
Anyone seen a "Blair Willows"?
[EXCLAIMS]
- [LAUGHS NERVOUSLY]
- At your service, miss?
This is Grace.
Your personal princess assistant.
Every student at Princess
Charm School has one.
They are usually punctual,
and usually helpful.
[CHUCKLES]
I shall leave you in her...
capable hands.
I am so sorry.
It was buttercream.
Now if someone spills a pot roast on me,
I'll be a complete meal.
I just wanted to give you
the traditional welcome cupcake.
You wanna change clothes?
Follow me.
[UP BEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
It has everything
a princess student needs.
Books, pens, paper, make-up mirrors,
sparkle purse collection. [LAUGHS]
And of course emergency pumps.
This is my locker?
Then we've got your beauty supplies.
Jewel-encrusted hairbrush,
diamond lipstick.
Oh, I love this perfume!
Ooh! Watch out.
Ugh! [COUGHING]
Ugh!
I'm so sorry. It was an accident.
[SNIFFING] Um, Delancy?
There's such a thing as too much perfume.
Portia!
Oh, no, you're...
Furious, that's what I am!
How dare you?
Look, Delancy.
They're serving floor cakes.
I just got here.
You just got here?
[LAUGHS] Let me guess.
Blair Willows, the lottery girl?
Yes! So you understand.
Oh, this is all so new to me, and I...
I understand the lottery is a joke.
Isn't it obvious?
Commoners like you don't belong here.
Right, Portia?
[MUMBLING] What?
Wickellia!
Yes, Your Wonderful...
[CHOKES] Ness.
I need a princess pamper package, pronto!
Make way! To the spa!
Um, are you taking orders?
Because I would do anything
for a double foam mocha latte.
The floorcake was delicious.
[DELANCY] Portia!
As you can see, everyone here is so nice.
Most of the time.
Uh, so let's get you ready for school.
Locker, please extend
curtain for a princess primp.
[WHIRRING]
Oh, it's fabulous!
The best thing
about Princess Charm School!
Go on. Get gorgeous!
[UP BEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh, pretty as a princess.
Lady royal.
Okay, now your schedule
and let's get you settled.
I'd love to.
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ON HEADPHONES]
Wow.
Hey! Our new roomie, right?
Princess or lady royal?
Lady royal. You?
Princess. Isla, too.
Do you play?
[BOTH GRUNT]
[SCREAMS]
[GASPS]
[EXCLAIMS]
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING LOUDLY]
[SCREAMS]
[HADLEY] Nice.
Oh!
Oh! I'm so sorry!
Are you kidding?
Isla's been Miss Mum's-The-Word
about the tunes
and I've been dying to hear them!
[DANCE MUSIC STOPS]
I'm still working on them.
They're not ready
for anyone to hear.
Really? What I heard rocked.
Yeah! See? Play one
of your tunes for us!
That's okay. No rush.
- I'm Hadley.
- Blair.
Blair Willows? The lottery winner?
Is it that obvious?
Yup, 'cause they announced it on TV
that "Blair Willows"
was the lottery winner.
Oh, right. Sorry.
Guess I'm just a little overwhelmed.
[PRIVET ON PA]All princesses
and lady-royals-in-training
are due at the Starlight
Welcome in one minute.
- [ALL GASP]
- One minute?
Whoa!
[ALL SIGH]
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[STUDENTS CHATTERING]
[STUDENTS APPLAUDING]
Welcome, students.
- [BARKS]
- Oh!
And dogs.
Tonight you begin
the greatest challenge of your life,
training to be a princess or lady royal,
the most important jobs of the realm.
Your classmates, Lorraine and Josette,
are bringing around your training tiaras.
Thank you.
[PRIVET] Don't get too used to them.
Only those who succeed this semester
will earn the real versions.
Fail as a princess-in-training
and you will not be crowned.
We have very high expectations here.
Each of you must attend
every class on time and in uniform,
and your grades must be exceptional.
That said, I believe every one
of you has princess potential.
Work hard and stay dedicated,
and you will achieve it.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[STUDENTS APPLAUDING]
I'm so sorry, Dame Devin,
that's a nasty little tickle there,
would you like a glass of water?
I'd like a proper introduction.
[CHUCKLES] Certainly.
Students.
Dame Devin.
[STUDENTS APPLAUDING]
I have an earth-shattering announcement.
This is my last semester
of teaching before I...
Um, before my daughter
takes over Gardania.
No, no, hold back your tears.
Ms. Privet will take over
my classes next year.
In her own little way.
Of course, no one knows
the royal life as I do.
I've lived at the palace ever since
my dear sister-in-law Queen
Isabella and her family died,
- and it has been my great...
- [BOTH] If they died...
[BOTH] You know the legend?
What legend?
There's a legend
that Queen Isabella and her family
didn't all die in the accident.
I love that you know that story.
...and so I welcome you all
to Princess Charm School.
May your time here be magical.
[STUDENTS APPLAUDING]
Two lines, everyone!
Curtseys to all and then
everyone's excused for bed.
[GIRLS CHATTERING]
[HADLEY] Favorite legend about
the Gardania Royal Family, go.
I don't know any of the legends.
So missing out.
Isla, go.
My fave's a simple one.
Gardania's magical crown.
Gardania's magical crown? [GRUNTS]
Ow! [GRUNTS]
[BLAIR] Oh, no.
Ugh! You again?
I'm so sorry.
What is with you?
You're a walking disaster!
[BELL CHIMING]
I don't think Delancy and I
are going to hang out much.
That's okay, you'll be
hanging out with us.
Better believe it.
And wait till classes start tomorrow.
I bet you can do anything she can do.
Sure, I can do anything she can do.
I cannot do anything she can do.
Poise. Proper poise commands respect,
a necessity for anyone in the royal life.
Thank you, Delancy.
[ALL APPLAUDING]
Now, princesses, lady royals,
let's see what you can do, hmm.
Start with one book and glide, glide.
Smoothly, gracefully.
I can balance a tray
of coffee cups for customers, right?
Of course, I've never done it on my head.
Hadley, you're tenderizing
your brains. Stop.
[ISLA HUMMING]
That's lovely, Isla.
Thank you, Dame Devin.
If you want to be the crazy princess
who hears music in her head.
Whoa!
Lorraine, you're practicing
poise, not lifting weights.
Like a princess, Josette,
not a migrating duck.
Portia.
What?
[SIGHS] You're doing fine.
Come on. Come on!
Do it for Emily.
Did you get those shoes
at a garage sale?
[ALL SCREAMING]
Is it nap time?
How come nobody told me?
You. What do you have to say
for this disaster?
[SIGHS] It was an accident, Dame Devin.
- I was trying...
- Stand up.
You're the lottery girl, aren't you?
Yes, Dame Devin.
I should have known.
Meet my eyes, girl.
A true lady royal never hangs her head.
[GASPS]
Mother? You were going to say
something to Blair?
Yes!
You are utterly unfit
for the royal life!
- I want you out of this class!
- [ALL GIRLS GASP]
You might also think about whether
someone from your station in life
should even stay someplace
where you so clearly don't belong!
I understand.
[INDISTINCT LAUGHTER]
They're serving strawberry swirl today!
Thank you, Miranda.
Don't let Dame Devin bug you.
Legend has it she's actually
a reptile alien
from the other side
of the universe.
[ALL LAUGHING]
You know what really
bugs me, Portia?
Yodeling hand puppets?
When a commoner like Blair comes
to Princess Charm School,
she makes it less special.
She makes us less special.
She does?
She totally does.
Specialness is like this piece of cake.
There's only so much to go around.
If Blair takes a huge chunk of it,
what's left for us?
You stole my cake!
Not me.
Blair!
How dare she! I wanted that cake.
Don't worry. I have a feeling she won't
be around to steal cake much longer.
Wickellia!
Yes, your Royal Sneakiness?
[WHISPERING]
So we're coming around showing
everyone our school spirit cheer.
'Cause whenyou've got spirit,
it's what we want to hear!
Thanks, Lorraine. Josette.
Yeah. That was cute. Rhyming and all.
We'll see ya.
Oh, that wasn't the cheer.
Had to make that clear.
But don't you ever fear.
'Cause the time to cheer is here!
One, two, three!
[BOTH] Princess Charm School is the best!
Royal skills put to the test!
We can dance and we've got poise!
Now it's time to make some noise!
Go, Princess Charm School!
[CHEERING WILDLY]
[BOTH HOOTING]
Wow. Cool cheer. Thanks for sharing.
[BOTH] Part of caring!
You guys ready?
[BLAIR GASPS]
[ALL GASPING]
[EXCLAIMS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
I'm so sorry... I...
I have to go.
[LAUGHS]
Serves her right for stealing my cake.
[SIGHS] Who am I kidding?
I don't fit in here at all.
I'm like a burp in a symphony.
You have to give yourself more time.
You're right. With more time,
maybe I could destroy the whole school.
No, Dame Devin's right,
I'm not Princess Charm School material.
Seriously? Blair.
Dame Devin was Princess
Charm School material.
What do you mean?
Oh, I know this story!
She was a lottery winner, but no princess
picked her to be a lady royal,
not even her sister-in-law,
Queen Isabella.
Exactly. If Delancy
weren't in line for the throne,
Dame Devin would be no more special
than anyone else.
Wow.
[GROANS] But it's not just her.
Everyone thinks I don't belong here.
Everyone except you guys.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
A little help, please? [GRUNTING]
Ooh, care package!
[SCREAMS]
It's for you from... Emily Willows?
[SIGHS]
Emily? Really?
[ISLA] That's pretty.
[BLAIR] Emily drew it.
She loved the story of me
being found on my mom's doorstep.
I was only one.
Mom adopted Emily a few years later.
They're everything to me.
[PRIVET] One-two-three,
one-two-three,
one-two-three, one-two-three,
and one-two-three, one-two-three,
- one-two-three, one-two-three...
- Ow.
[PRIVET SIGHS] Again, Blair?
I'm sorry.
You've stepped on eight of my toes!
I only have four left!
Two. You have two left.
That's even worse!
[BELL CHIMING]
Thank you, everyone. See you tomorrow.
Not you, Blair.
I'd like to see you after class.
Well, isn't that a surprise?
[STAMMERS] Is... Is everything okay?
No, it's not, Blair.
Yesterday Dame Devin
recommended we expel you.
Oh.
I can't say I blame her.
I know it's only been a couple
of days, but honestly,
I don't think I have ever seen
such a disaster of a student
come through these halls.
I see.
Tell you the truth,
I was almost going to do it.
Did you say "almost"?
[PRIVET] Almost.
Do you know what it takes
to make a princess?
- A crown?
- No, not a crown.
Character.
All our classes in poise,
manners, dancing,
they're not superficial.
They build confidence.
But confidence without
character is dangerous.
You, Blair, have a different problem.
Character without confidence.
So you are going to expel me?
I'm going to tutor you.
If you can dig deep
and find the princess inside you,
I have no doubt you'll graduate
with your pick of any lady royal position.
If you can handle it.
Now, what do you say?
Yes!
Ooh!
Uh, rule number one,
no hugging the tutor.
Sorry. I just... When do we start?
Right now.
I can do this because I am
perfectly comfortable
and at ease with myself and in my body.
That's because you're not
surrounded by people
who make you feel like
a complete nothing.
No one can make you feel inferior
without your consent.
Right. Your turn.
Headmistress Privet,
there's no way I can do this.
Not if you don't believe you can.
We start small.
Thirty seconds, right here on the ground.
That's right. Just like that.
I can't. [GRUNTS] I can't do it.
Yeah, of course you can...
- [EXCLAIMS]
- [BARKS]
Right. I see we have our
work cut out for us.
[WHIMPERING]
[UP BEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ I don't have the balance ♪
♪ Think I'm gonna fall ♪
♪ Wish I had the talent ♪
♪ I don't belong here at all ♪
♪ Drowning in the pressure ♪
♪ In over my head ♪
♪ Why did I think I could do this ♪
♪ I could have walked away instead ♪
♪ This is my chance to break free ♪
♪ Everything's depending on me ♪
♪ And if I keep trying I'll be ♪
♪ On top of the world ♪
♪ Where I can see everything before me ♪
♪ Reaching up to touch the sky ♪
♪ On top of the world ♪
♪ All my dreams are rushing toward me ♪
♪ Stretching out my wings to fly ♪
♪ On top of the world ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna break me ♪
♪ Gonna get it right ♪
♪ Even if it takes me
Doing it a thousand times ♪
♪ Trying once is easy ♪
♪ Discipline is hard ♪
♪ But nothing can defeat me ♪
♪ If the change is in my heart ♪
♪ This is my chance to break free
This is my chance ♪
♪ Everything's depending on me
On me ♪
♪ And if I keep trying I'll be
I'll be ♪
♪ On top of the world ♪
♪ Where I can see everything before me ♪
♪ Stretching out my wings to fly ♪
♪ On top of the world ♪
I need two rows. Ladies on the pink line,
gentlemen on the blue.
Welcome, everyone,
to our joint dance class
with Prince Charming Academy.
[SHRIEKING]
If we could keep
the shrieking to a minimum,
it would be much appreciated.
Hmm, it looks like
we'll have one extra lady.
Delancy, that's the pink line.
I just don't see Prince Nicholas.
He's the one I want to dance with.
Maybe he's invisible.
No daughter of mine sits
on the sidelines at a dance.
But, Mother...
Looks like you're going to
have to sit out this one, dear. Pity.
All right, everyone's paired up!
Let's begin!
Ugh. [GASPS]
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
Okay, come along.
Gentlemen, please bow.
Ladies, will you curtsey.
- Sorry I'm late...
- [GRUNTING]
Oh, no! I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
No, it's not.
I feel awful. Please.
Thank you.
[PRIVET CLEARS THROAT]
[NICHOLAS] Whoa.
Sorry. I didn't mean to be late.
That's fine. The two of you
can partner up and join the dance.
[GROANS]
Now, gentlemen, lightly kiss
the top of your partner's hand...
And dance.
[CLASSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING]
Milady, I am Nicholas,
young swain from the east,
most privileged to make your acquaintance.
Think that was polite enough?
Absolutely.
Think you can top it?
I, kind swain, am Blair,
maiden of Gardania,
honored above all
to be welcomed into your swaininess.
- Well done.
- I try.
[EXCLAIMS]
[FAST PACED MUSIC PLAYING]
[ALL CHEERING]
Wonderful, everyone!
Wonderful, now a final bow
and curtsey to your partners,
and we say our farewells
to the young gentlemen
of Prince Charming Academy.
[GIRLS GROANING]
Keeping in mind that
you will see them again
at the Coronation Day ceremony
at the end of the school year.
[GIRLS CHEERING]
I shall count the moments till then.
As will I, good sir.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[PRIVET] I have an exciting announcement.
[GIRLS MURMURING]
Thanks to the generosity
of Dame Devin,
dinner tonight will be a chance for you
to get a taste of your future.
Our manners class served in the palace.
- [LAUGHING] Yes! Sweet!
- No way!
The palace! Can you even imagine it?
I grew up in the palace, Portia.
I live there.
Oh.
But can you imagine it?
To prepare for this event,
you'll all have the afternoon
to pamper yourselves in the spa.
Your princess assistants
[CLAPS]
will help you take advantage
of all the amenities.
Enjoy.
[EXCITED CHATTER]
Wickellia.
[WHISPERING]
[GIGGLES]
[POPS] Whoa!
[SPLASH]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[LAUGHS]
Top thing you've always
wanted to see in the palace
that you can't wait to see.
Blair, go.
Hmm, I've never thought
about the palace,
but Emily would go nuts for it.
I want to remember everything
so I can tell her.
[ALL] Manicure time!
Nice. Isla, go.
I'd love to find out more
about what happened
to Queen Isabella and her family.
They're so mysterious.
So true. I want to find out more
about Gardania's magical crown.
Isla mentioned that before.
Emily would love that story.
Oh! Tell her the legend.
It's said that the crown glows when placed
on the true heir of Gardania.
It lit up on Queen Isabella's
head at her coronation,
but it hasn't been seen since then.
[ALL] All done!
These are beautiful.
[FAIRIES] Thanks.
We should go.
The earlier we get to the palace,
the more we can see.
[GASPS]
[BLAIR] Our uniforms.
Every one is in shreds!
What are we going to do?
We're not allowed in class
without our uniforms.
And if we skip a class, we get an F.
We can't fail!
Coronation Day is two days away!
How could this happen?
Seriously? It was Delancy. It had to be.
She's the queen
of "Make Blair Feel Inferior."
No. She's not.
No one can make you feel inferior.
Not without your consent.
We're princesses, right?
We don't even have our crowns yet.
And you...
I'm not talking about crowns.
I'm talking about character.
The rule is we have to show up
to class in uniform, right?
Currently they're a little too breezy.
Hmm. They just need a little alteration.
Grace! Caprice! Harmony!
Won't that make them breezier?
[FANFARE MUSIC PLAYING]
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING]
Hmm. It seems Blair, Hadley,
and Isla are running late.
I do hope they're not skipping class.
I'd hate to fail anyone
so close to Coronation Day.
[CHUCKLES]
Well, time's up.
Oh, come now, Dame Devin.
I think we can wait
a few minutes more.
And keep the other students waiting?
That hardly seems fair.
I'm afraid we'll have to fail
all three of them.
[BLAIR] Wait!
What do you think you're wearing?
Those aren't school-issued uniforms.
Forgive me, madam, but they are, in fact,
made entirely from the material
in our original uniforms.
But that's against the rules.
Actually, Dame Devin, there is nothing
in the dress code
against what they've done.
Right. We just used some hard work
to unlock our princess potential.
[PRIVET] And beautifully, at that.
Come, join the class.
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXCLAIMING]
[GIRL] Awesome!
Where did you get new uniforms?
Those are amazing!
We made them.
Blair made them.
How did you do that?
I want one.
I didn't know people made clothes.
I thought they came from elves.
You know, like toast.
[PRIVET] Attention, everyone.
Welcome to the royal palace of Gardania.
As a special treat you will have
some time before the meal
to explore the first floor of the palace.
Enjoy!
[EXCLAIMING]
Sweet. Royal secrets, here we come!
[GASPS] No way.
Blair. It's a picture of Blair.
That's not possible.
Why would there be a portrait of me?
"Princess Isabella, age 18."
That dog.
It couldn't be!
"Queen Isabella, King Reginald,
the Princess Sophia,
and their loyal dog,
Prince."
No way!
Blair? Do you know when your mom
found you on her doorstep?
The date? Sure.
I mean, she made it my birthday
since she didn't know my real one.
April 26th.
What?
Blair, you know what
April 26th is, don't you?
[BLAIR] Um, yeah.
My birthday. I just said that.
It's the day the royal family
died in that car crash.
I'm thinking maybe baby Sophia
didn't die in that crash.
Maybe she was found
and left on someone's doorstep.
No!
Yes, look at the portrait.
You look exactly like Queen Isabella!
You could be baby Sophia.
If it's true, and Dame Devin
and Delancy know it,
that would explain why
they're so awful to you,
because you're the rightful heir
to the throne, and not Delancy!
[CHUCKLES] Okay.
That's the craziest thing I've ever heard.
[CLOCK CHIMING]
Dinner time! We've gotta go.
[HADLEY] This is serious, you know.
The whole fate of Gardania is at stake.
[BLAIR] Come on, you guys. It's crazy.
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
Whoa! Whoa!
Excuse me!
My daughter has a declaration
about how she'll handle things
when she's crowned princess
in two days.
Delancy!
Huh?
I, um...
Uh...
I...
My brilliant daughter noticed
that Gardania's poorer sections
are a blight to the otherwise
beautiful community.
- [GASPS]
- Hey!
To remedy this she will
take over those areas,
bulldoze the buildings, and turn the land
into beautiful rolling parks,
full of trees and grass, and streams.
Wonderful for the environment.
But people live in those
areas you just knocked down.
My neighborhood is there.
It is?
Delancy is aware of that.
Those people will move elsewhere.
How? They're like me.
They don't have money.
They can't just pick up and move.
If I were you I'd leave
this school immediately
and get my family ready to move.
Delancy?
[SOBS]
I think it is disgraceful.
Duly noted.
Now, shall we continue
our lesson in dinner manners?
Right, then, students,
we will start with our salads.
Outermost forks. You may begin.
[HORSE NEIGHING]
Let's go.
[NEIGHS]
Blair, are you okay?
I'm better than okay.
I'm ready.
Ready for what?
To fight.
If Delancy gets on the throne
she's going to ruin my family,
and probably this kingdom along with it.
If she gets on the throne?
She can't, if we can prove
someone else is the rightful heir.
Gardania's magical crown.
It must be in the palace. Right?
The crown glows when
placed on the true heir of Gardania.
But we have to find it
before Delancy's coronation.
So we have to find the crown...
[ALL] Tonight.
[BLAIR] It's time.
Do we have everything we need?
Game on.
[ALARM RINGING]
What's that?
What's going on?
[IN SINGSONG VOICE] Fire drill!
Fire drill! There's no time!
Single file! In a line!
Hmm. I don't see
a fire drill on the schedule.
What about the plan?
We wait a little longer.
Hopefully, this will be fast.
[GASPS]
Lovely day for a surprise
fire drill, isn't it, darling?
Mom, what did you do?
Oh! What have you
done to your uniform?
I like it, Mother.
Ugh! Come on.
Let's join the others outside.
[PRIVET ON PA] Attention, students!
You may now return to your rooms!
How much time did we lose?
Thirty minutes.
Plus another 15 minutes trying to untangle
Portia from the tether ball pole.
Let's go.
[GASPING]
Thieves! They're thieves, I tell you.
[ALL] Huh?
Arrest them.
What?
I'm sure it's some kind of mistake,
but Dame Devin believes
you stole her jewelry.
No! I would never!
Not to save your poor family
about to lose their home?
I doubt that.
Plus my daughter, Delancy, saw you.
Didn't you tell me you saw Blair
poking around in my office the other day?
[STAMMERING] I don't...
I don't remember exactly, but...
Yes. Yes, I did.
I demand you search their room.
[ALL] What?
Girls, it's procedure.
If you have nothing to hide,
it shouldn't matter.
Look what I found.
[GASPS]
My jewelry!
That's not...
I didn't put that there.
Here's another.
No way!
One more.
We didn't steal anything.
Don't lie. It's unbecoming.
Lock them up.
Headmistress Privet, I promise you.
With the evidence and the witness
I'm afraid I have no choice.
Brock, take them to the detaining room.
No!
We can't investigate
until after the ceremony tomorrow.
You will remain detained until that time.
Detained?
As in, locked up?
During the coronation?
I'm afraid so.
Unless there is another way
to explain this.
Hmm.
How very disappointing.
I'll say.
Brock!
[DOOR CLOSES]
Isla, Hadley,
I'm so sorry.
Now neither of you will become
princesses.
Don't sweat it.
Who needs a tiara anyway?
They just make your head itch.
And it's not easy
to kick a ball in four-inch heels.
[DELANCY] Brock, stop!
I've got something else
in mind for the prisoners.
You may turn them over to me.
But my orders...
Will officially come from me
in only a few hours.
The keys?
They're all yours.
Thank you. You may go.
If this is your way or rubbing it in,
you don't have to.
You've won.
Yeah, we get it.
- [SHUSHING]
- What are you...
I'm supposed to be asleep.
Tell me,
are you really Princess Sophia?
I... I don't know for sure.
But I think so.
I think so, too.
This is a map of the palace basement.
There's something of yours
inside the vault.
Gardania's magical crown?
[DELANCY] You have to get it.
Let everyone know
the truth before coronation.
Once I'm crowned, it's too late.
Gardania's mine for life.
You don't want that?
I want what's right.
I have to get back.
My mother will be looking for me.
Thank you.
I'll leave a window open
for you on the third floor.
Good luck.
[BARKING]
Hey, Prince.
[CONTINUES BARKING]
Aw, don't look at me like that.
[PANTING]
[GROANS] I can't play
fetch, I'm on duty.
[BARKS]
Hey!
Prince. Prince. No, no.
Prince, come here. I gotta work.
Prince. Prince. Come on.
Come here.
[BLAIR] That's the window.
Let's hope Delancy did
what she said she would.
You're sure this will work?
Positive! Just hold on tight
and don't look down.
[GUARD] Come.
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Prince, hey.
Drop it. Drop it. Drop it.
[BARKS]
Come back here!
The elevator should be
right down this hall.
[DAME DEVIN] It's time for you
to be asleep, Delancy.
You've a big day tomorrow.
[CREAKING]
Don't move.
What now?
Laser alarm. We've got 'em at home.
If we break the beams, alarms go off.
I can't see any beams.
Perhaps a little touch up will help.
[HADLEY] Nice.
So, how good are you guys at gymnastics?
I do a mean tree pose.
I think I can do a somersault.
Follow me.
[GRUNTING]
Whoa!
[GRUNTS]
[EXCLAIMING] No! This way.
Careful!
Huh? Okay.
No, no. Whoa!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH SIGHING]
[AUTOMATED VOICE]Welcome, Dame Devin.
Your security is our priority.
Please enter your password.
Password?
Try something.
What would Dame Devin choose?
Delancy's coronation day?
Today's date.
[BUZZER SOUNDING]
[AUTOMATED VOICE] You seem
to be having trouble.
Would you like your password hint?
[ALL] Yes.
Your hint is,
"The day it all fell into place."
Ten seconds until your lockdown.
- The day it all fell into place?
- Nine, eight...
- What does that mean?
- ...seven, six...
Wait. "The day it all fell into place."
The day Dame Devin's
plans started working.
The day of the car crash.
[BUTTONS BEEPING]
[WHIRRING]
Thank you, Dame Devin.
Enjoy.
Not in here!
[SIGHING IN RELIEF]
[GASPING] Hadley, Isla, look!
Gardania's magical crown!
How do we get it out of the case?
[DAME DEVIN] You won't.
But I shouldn't have
too much trouble with it.
[ALL GASPING]
[GRUNTS]
- [GROWLS]
- [WHIMPERING]
[EVIL LAUGH] Goodbye, Blair.
Enjoy Coronation Day.
[BLAIR] No!
[SIGHING] That's it. We're sunk.
[ANDREA]Well, Phil, here it is.
The day we've all been waiting for!
[PHIL] My birthday?
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[ANDREA] No, it's Coronation Day.
Even now, our beloved
princesses-in-training
are pulling into the royal palace
to receive their royal crowns
on their royal heads.
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE]
Ladies and gentlemen!
I welcome you to our annual Graduation
- and Coronation Day...
- This will be the best
Coronation Day ever, don't you think?
[METAL CLANGING]
[GRUNTING]
[ISLA HUMMING]
Grace, go find Miss Privet
and tell her where we are.
[EXCLAIMING]
[SCREAMING]
[MOANING]
Now, what are we going to do?
[APPLAUSE]
You are hereby dubbed
Lady Royal Josette of Zinnia.
[SQUEALING IN EXCITEMENT]
You are hereby dubbed
Princess Miranda
of Philadelphia.
You are hereby dubbed
Princess Portia of Narcissia.
[ALL APPLAUDING]
[ISLA HUMMING]
Ugh! There is no service at all down here.
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
Hmm. What's this?
Stand back!
[GRUNTS]
[ALARM BLARING]
If only there was a keypad
inside the vault.
Maybe there is!
[FANFARE PLAYING]
Standing before me now
is Delancy Devin,
who will now govern our beloved
and flourishing country, Gardania.
Delancy, I now crown you
- Princess of...
- Wait!
Uh... Proper princess protocol!
[FANFARE STOPS]
The bylaws state that before a new
princess can be crowned,
the entire assembly
must spin around seven times,
in honor of the seven hills of Gardania.
[ALL MURMURING]
What is she doing?
I don't know.
What are you doing?
You need to be crowned!
I just... Uh...
Want to do it properly.
Spin, you say?
It is indeed proper protocol.
[CLEARS THROAT]
In honor of the seven hills of Gardania,
let us rise and spin around seven times!
[ALL RISING]
- [BEEPING]
- [BLAIR] I got it!
The phone's linked up with the keypad.
Day of the car crash.
[BUZZING]
Ugh! Dame Devin must
have changed the code.
You're right!
I heard Dame Devin change it
when the doors were closing.
I heard it too!
[HUMMING TUNE]
That's what I've been
humming this whole time.
Let me see the phone.
Do, re, mi...
[GASPS] I got it!
[WHIRRING]
- Woo!
- Yes!
We did it!
Now, hop on one foot
to honor those who
have hopped before us.
[HOPPING]
[SNEEZING]
Bless you.
Hey! What are you doing here?
And now everyone must pat his head
and rub his stomach at the same time.
Enough!
The protocols
have been satisfied! Crown her!
[FANFARE PLAYING]
[BLAIR] Wait!
[ALL MURMURING]
No! Do not wait!
I am making a claim to the throne,
because I am Princess Sophia,
daughter of Queen Isabella!
[CROWD GASPING]
You know, there is a resemblance.
This is ridiculous!
The princess died 17 years ago.
Finish the coronation
and make Princess Delancy
ruler of Gardania for life!
Dame Devin, this is a serious claim
and we have to...
We have to crown my daughter.
[GASPS]
Come on!
Oh! Get away!
Hah!
[GROANS]
[BARKS]
[SLOW MUSIC PLAYING]
[CROWD GASPING]
It is Princess Sophia!
You useless child!
Do you have any idea what you've done?
I eliminated Queen Isabella
so you could be princess one day.
[BOTH GASP]
[CROWD GASPING]
[CHUCKLING NERVOUSLY]
No, that's not what I meant.
Guards, please take her away.
No! You can't do this to me!
Get your hands off me!
You have to crown Delancy!
You have to!
You'll pay for this!
Blair... That is, Princess Sophia,
is there anything you would like
to say to your new subjects?
[INHALES]
Hello.
I'm just a regular girl.
But I think Headmistress Privet is right
when she says every girl
has princess potential.
It is an honor to be your princess.
[ALL CHEERING]
Blair, this is when
the Princess of Gardania
chooses her lady royal.
Now, I know it's an important decision,
so if you need more time, then...
I already know who I want.
It would be an incredible privilege
if my lady royal could be...
Delancy.
But Blair, why me?
I was horrible to you.
I wouldn't be wearing this crown
without your help.
Will you accept?
I would be honored, Your Highness.
[JUDGE] Lady Royal Delancy
of Gardania.
[ALL CHEERING]
[CELEBRATORY MUSIC PLAYING]
[PRIVET] Ladies and gentlemen,
royals of all ages,
- [PRINCE BARKING]
- and dogs,
it's time to party!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING]
Here's a special track I wrote myself.
Hope you like it!
[RECORD SCRATCHING]
♪ All of us ♪
♪ Fabulous ♪
♪ Put your hands in the air
All of us ♪
♪ We rule, we rule this school ♪
♪ We rule it
We rule it ♪
♪ All of us
♪ Fabulous ♪
♪ And this is how we do it ♪
No way! You're spinning your tunes?
It was totally time.
I love it!
Hey, Blair,
don't look now, but look now.
Congratulations, Princess... Um...
You can call me Blair.
Congratulations on your coronation, too,
Prince Nicholas.
Wouldst thou do me the honor of a dance?
I would be most delighted.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
♪ Jump up, hands in the air ♪
♪ Crowns on our head, lighter than air ♪
♪ Come on, now, spin to the left ♪
♪ Spin to the right, we're graduating ♪
♪ And it's our night ♪
♪ We rule this school ♪
♪ It's friendship that makes us strong ♪
♪ And we all belong ♪
♪ Yeah, we all belong ♪
♪ We rule this school ♪
Your Highness? There are some important
people here to see you.
[GASPING] Emily! Mom!
Blair!
Oh! [CHUCKLES]
Welcome to our new home!
Really? We get to live in the palace?
We do.
Oh, Blair.
I know it's not exactly the place
we dreamed about...
Are you kidding?
It's better than anything
we ever dreamed about!
It is now that the two of you are here.
Blair?
If you're a princess now,
does that mean I'm a princess, too?
Of course.
There is a princess in every girl.
Come on. I wanna
introduce you to everyone!
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ Jump up, hands in the air ♪
♪ Crowns on our head, lighter than air ♪
♪ Come on, now, spin to the left ♪
♪ Spin to the right, we're graduating ♪
♪ And it's our night ♪
♪ We rule this school ♪
♪ And we all belong
Yeah, we all belong ♪
♪ We rule this school ♪
♪ All of us ♪
♪ We're fabulous ♪
♪ We rule this school ♪
♪ All of us ♪
♪ We're fabulous ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around ♪
♪ You can see it in her style ♪
♪ You can see it in her smile ♪
♪ You can see it in her flair ♪
♪ And the way she wears her hair ♪
♪ Spinning ♪
♪ Twirling ♪
♪ Girly ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around ♪
♪ Her shoulders are back ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ You'll never see her slack ♪
♪ No, no, no ♪
♪ And even if she falls ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ She'll laugh and stand up tall ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ But the secret to her majesty ♪
♪ That sets the girl apart ♪
♪ Is the kindness that shows royalty ♪
♪ It's etched upon her heart ♪
♪ You can see it in her style ♪
♪ You can see it in her smile ♪
♪ You can see it in her flair ♪
♪ And the way she wears her hair ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ You can see it in her style ♪
♪ She doesn't need a crown ♪
♪ You can see it in her smile ♪
♪ You can tell she's a princess ♪
♪ You can see it in her flair ♪
♪ She'll turn the world around ♪